Greatest Power in the World by Kathryn Kuhlman
Your Power In The Holy Spirit  by John G Lake 
Good Morning, Holy Spirit by Benny Hinn
Holy Spirit, My Senior Partner by David Yonggi Cho
Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit by Francis Chan 

Taking Action: Receiving and Operating in the Gifts and Power of the Holy Spirit by Reinhard Bonnke 


open this link
Books on the Holy Spirit for Personal and Small Group Study

1:Knowing the Holy Spirit: Ten Classic Sermons by Charles Spurgeon;{Who is the Holy Spirit and what does He do in the life of the believer?}

2:Walking in the Power of the Holy Spirit: Ten Classic Sermons by Charles

3:Supernatural Power for Everyday People: Experiencing God’s Extraordinary Spirit in your Ordinary Life by Jared C. Wilson

4. Keep in Step with the Spirit: Finding Fullness in Our Walk with God by J.I. Packer

5. The Mystery of the Holy Spirit by R.C. Sproul

Books for Deeper Study

6. The Holy Spirit (Puritan Paperbacks) by John Owen (abridged and made easy to read by R.J.K. Law)

7. He Who Gives Life: The Doctrine of the Holy Spirit (Foundations in Evangelical Theology Series) by Graham A. Cole

8. Great Doctrines of the Bible, Volume 2: God the Holy Spirit by Martyn Lloyd-Jones>

9. God’s Indwelling Presence: The Holy Spirit in the Old and New Testaments by Dr. James Hamilton

10. The Holy Spirit (Contours of Christian Theology) by Sinclair B. Ferguson 

Responding to current confusion on the Holy Spirit,

11. On the Holy Spirit by Basil of Caesarea, trans. Stephenson Hildebrand

This is the “Historical Theology Pick” of the bunch, recommended by Baiyu Andrew Song of TGC-


Books on the Gifts of the Holy Spirit

12. Are Miraculous Gifts for Today? 4 Views – Counterpoints in Theology 

I appreciate how the Counterpoints in Theology Series (and series like it) have helped me wrestle through theological topics.

13. Showing the Spirit: A Theological Exposition of 1 Corinthians 12–14 by D.A. Carson

“Eschewing extremes, Bible scholar D. A. Carson explores the controversial subject of the role of the Holy Spirit in the life of a believer and in the life of the church. Unpacking 1 Corinthians 12-14, as well as touching on relevant passages in Acts, Carson faithfully follows the evidence of the text and offers an honest look at the strengths and weaknesses of both charismatic and non-charismatic viewpoints.

14. Practicing the Power: Welcoming the Gifts of the Holy Spirit in Your Life by Sam Storms

Paul Martin in his review describes the book as, “a field manual on how to actually do what Reformed continuationists say they believe.


15. Spiritual Gifts: What They Are and Why They Matter by Thomas R. Schreiner

Schreiner is a self-described “nuanced cessationist.”






new

1 The Mystery of the Holy Spirit by R.C. Sproul

Sproul’s greatest strength is his ability to make virtually any theological concept or doctrine and make it accessible.(You can also get Sproul’s Who is the Holy Spirit? as a free eBook at Ligonier.org).

2 The Holy Spirit by Sinclair Ferguson

This is one of my all-time favorite books on the Holy Spirit. Ferguson manages to mostly maintain the difficult balance of being theological and devotional in his writing,

3 Forgotten God by Francis Chan

Chan’s focus is recapturing a vision for why we need the Holy Spirit at all—why he is essential to the Christian life.

4 Who On Earth is the Holy Spirit? by Tim Chester and Chris de la Hoyde

This is probably among the most accessible introductions to the person and work of the Holy Spirit I’ve read. 

5 Jesus, Continued… by J.D. Greear

Greear’s provides readers with answers to the questions of who the Holy Spirit is, how we experience him in this life, and how to seek more of him in our lives 


6 Engaging with the Holy Spirit by Graham Cole

Cole’s purpose here is not to offer an apologetic for the person of the Holy Spirit, but to focus on a number of key questions many believers find themselves asking as they read the Scriptures and journey through the Christian life:

7 Father, Son and Holy Spirit by Bruce A. Ware

Ware’s book focuses on the Trinity as a whole, which is important for any meaningful discussion of the person and work of the Holy Spirit.




5 books you should read to know more about the Holy Spirit

1 How to be Filled with the Holy Spirit' by A.W.Tozer

This book draws on sermons preached by Tozer at his church in Chicago and seeks to explain who the Holy Spirit is and how to be filled with Him. But it's much more than an explainer.  This book will challenge readers to reflect on how much they really desire to be filled by God's Holy Spirit.

2 The Mystery Of The Holy Spirit' by R.C.Sproul

3 '40 Days with the Holy Spirit' by R.T. Kendall

4 The God I Never Knew' By Robert Morris

5 'Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit' by Francis Chan
churn wine hand analyst lion ring explain seek second zoo elegant thought



Baptism in the Holy Spirit by Derek Prince (862kb)
Good Morning Holy Spirit by Benny Hinn (2.35mb)
Baptism in the Holy Spirit by Reinhard Bonnke (186kb)
The Sweet Influence of the Holy Spirit by Dag Heward-Mills (413kb)
Fresh Wind, Fresh Fire by Pastor E.A Adeboye (758kb)
Fruits of the Spirit by Pastor E.A Adeboye (1.56mb)
Holyspirit – Revelation and Revolution by Reinhard Bonnke (903kb)
Holy Spirit and You by Chris Oyakhilome (903kb)
Holy Spirit My Senior Partner by Yonggi Cho (1.66mb)
How You Can Be Led By The Spirit of God by Kenneth Hagin (1.16mb)
Baptism in the Holy Ghost by John G Lake (156kb)
The Holy Ghost Made Manifest by John G Lake (82kb)
He Gave Gifts Unto Men by Kenneth E Hagin (738kb)
How to Be Led by The Spirit of God by Kenneth Hagin (652kb)
The Bible Evidence of the Holy Spirit by Kenneth Hagin (351kb)
Seven Vital Steps to Receiving the Holy Spirit (1.15mb)
The Gift of Prophecy by Kenneth Hagin (1.3mb)
Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin (489kb)
Knowing People by the Spirit by Roberts Liardon (2.2mb)
Knowledge of the Holy Ghost by AW Tozer (988kb)
Lead me, Holy Spirit by Stormie Omartian (1.12mb)
Living a Life of Fire by Reinhard Bonnke (11mb)
Pray in the Spirit by Arthur Wallis (702kb)
School of the Spirit by Roberts Liardon (1.92mb)
Seven Things The Holy Spirit Can Do For You by Chris Oyakhilome (543kb)
Seventy Reasons for Speaking in Tongues by Bill Hamon (1.1mb)
Taking Action – Activating and Operating the Gifts and Power of the Holy Spirit by Reinhard Bonnke (1mb)
The Greatest Power in the World by Kathryn Kuhlman (1.5mb)
The Holy Spirit and His Gifts by Kenneth E Hagin (1.11mb)
The Holy Spirit in the Now I by Oral Roberts (1.2mb)
The Holy Spirit in the Now II by Oral Roberts (1.18mb)
The Holy Spirit in the Now III by Oral Roberts (991kb)
The Holy Spirit in the Now V by Oral Roberts (1.46mb)
The Holy Spirt, Governor of the Kingdom by Dr Myles Munroe (5.3mb)
The Law of Recognition by Mike Murdock (2.1mb)
The Most Important Person on Earth by Dr Myles Munroe (944kb)
The New You and The Holy Spirit by Andrew Wommack (399kb)
The Reality of the Person of the Holy Spirit by Howard Brown (771kb)
The Release of the Spirit by Watchman Nee (221kb)
The Seven Spirit of God by Chris Oyakhilome (976kb)
The Two Sides of A Coin by Charles and Frances Hunter (892kb)
The Holy Spirit – Activating God’s Power in Your Life by Billy Graham (1.1mb)
Tongues – Beyond the Upper Room by Kenneth Hagin (1.36mb)
The Communion of the holy Spirit by Watchman Nee (661kb)
Welcome Holy Spirit by Benny Hinn (1.92mb)
Why Should I Speak in Tongues by Charles and Frances Hunter (991kb)
Your Power in the Holy Spirit by John G Lake (816kb)
 


hi,  my stack is react and Django, I'm a team player will love to join your team. https://zuri-hng-resume-task.netlify.app/cv.html || https://github.com/ndukwesamuel/
Pythagoras, Epictectus, Coelho Hemingway